Adding conda recipe (#1570)
bids-standard/bids-validator: bids-validator/README.md

   1. Install [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/) package manager for Python, if
      not already installed.
   1. From a terminal run `pip install bids_validator` to acquire the

>       [BIDS Validator PyPi package](https://pypi.org/project/bids-validator/) 
>       or `conda install bids-validator` for the conda recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [BIDS Validator PyPI package](https://pypi.org/project/bids-validator/) 
      or `conda install bids-validator` for the
      [Conda package](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/bids-validator).
```

## Python Library

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/bids-validator.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/bids-validator)
[![Conda version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/bids-validator)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/bids-validator)

There are is a limited library of helper functions written in Python. The main function
determines if a file extension is compliant with the BIDS specification. You can find
the available functions in the library, as well as their descriptions,
[here](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-validator/blob/master/bids-validator/bids_validator/bids_validator.py).

> To install, run `pip install -U bids_validator` (requires python and pip) or `conda install bids-validator` (requires a conda python environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install, run `pip install -U bids_validator` (requires python and pip) or
`conda install bids-validator` (requires a Conda environment).
```
